Are you crazy?
You actually speak for this bitch
I can't stand it for a long time
One day you will bite me back?
Pardon me?
I say do things with restraint
Let's focus on the big picture, okay?
We are temporarily preparing the company to go public
They started planning to kill him
Good Circle Shareholder Money
Now the company is going public
When you come to the door, you restrain yourself
Don't ruin the company's reputation
What you should worry about in the future
It's a scandal between you and this little bitch
Affect the company's listing
You can get along with him secretly
Be careful he kills you
Uncle, didn't you just say you wanted to protect me?
Wang Yi is right
Better be careful this time
My common interests and the future
Far more reliable than our relationship
What do you compare
I was wrong I was wrong forgive me
Give you another chance.
engagement party next week
Show me well
Miss, I took the photo for you.
Thanks.
An intimate photo of me and that man later
You help me take a picture
I'll rely on you when it's done
That's enough.
Wang Yu's engagement party next week
Why don't I give you two a big gift?